Add Viewlets section to 6.0 backend upgrade guide. (#1633)
plone/documentation: docs/backend/upgrading/version-specific-migration/upgrade-to-60.md

```{seealso}
See also the [TinyMCE 4 to 5 upgrade guide](https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/migration-from-4x/).
```

## Viewlets

Plone 6.0 renames various viewlets or moves them to a different viewlet manager.

> The reason for renaming, is that some viewlet names contained the name of a viewlet manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because some viewlet names contained the name of a viewlet manager.
```

This didn't always match the name of their actual viewlet manager, especially after moving them.

> Plone 6.0 removes such references from the viewlet names, to avoid confusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plone 6.0 removes such references from the viewlet names to avoid confusion.
```

> - Plone 6.0 removes the `plone.documentactions (IDocumentActions)`  viewlet manager. In Plone 5.2 it was already empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Plone 6.0 removes the `plone.documentactions (IDocumentActions)` viewlet manager. In Plone 5.2 it was already empty.
```

- Plone 6.0 adds the `plone.belowcontentdescription (IBelowContentDescription)` viewlet manager. By default this has no viewlets.
- Plone 6.0 removes the `plone.header` viewlet from `plone.portaltop` manager, making it empty.
- Plone 6.0 renames the `plone.abovecontenttitle.documentactions` viewlet to `plone.documentactions` and moves it from manager `plone.belowcontentbody` to `plone.belowcontent`.
- Plone 6.0 renames the `plone.abovecontenttitle.socialtags` viewlet to `plone.socialtags`. It remains in manager `plone.abovecontenttitle`.
- Plone 6.0 renames the `plone.belowcontentbody.relateditems` viewlet to `plone.relateditems`. It remains in manager `plone.belowcontentbody`.
- Plone 6.0 removes the `plone.manage_portlets_fallback` viewlet from the `plone.belowcontent` manager.

> - Plone 6.0 renames the `plone.belowcontenttitle.documentbyline` viewlet to `plone.documentbyline` . It remains in manager `plone.belowcontenttitle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Plone 6.0 renames the `plone.belowcontenttitle.documentbyline` viewlet to `plone.documentbyline`. It remains in manager `plone.belowcontenttitle`.
```

- Plone 6.0 renames the `plone.belowcontenttitle.keywords` viewlet to `plone.keywords` and moves it from manager `plone.belowcontent` to `plone.belowcontentbody`.
- Plone 6.0 adds the `plone.rights` viewlet in manager `plone.belowcontentbody`.

> - Plone 6.0 moves the `plone.footer` viewlet from `plone.app.layout/viewlets` to `plone.app.portlets`. The viewlet remains in manager `plone.portalfooter`. It renders the portlets from the `plone.footerportlets` portlet manager.

Reviewer: This line was omitted from the table, but it is not obvious to me how it can fit in it.

Author: I say that the table shows the same information, but indeed for this line it is not true.

I will move this line below the table, let's see if that is better.

This is the same information in table form.

> You can toggle navigation to make more of the table visible.

Reviewer: FYI, this is fixed upstream in https://pydata-sphinx-theme.readthedocs.io/en/stable/examples/kitchen-sink/tables.html#giant-tables, allowing horizontal scrolling of the content.

> :::{table} Viewlet changes from 5.2 to 6.0

Reviewer: This gets rendered as a caption beneath the table instead of above it, and its syntax is strange with only an opening code fence of 3 colons. What was your intent with this directive?

````suggestion
```{table} Viewlet changes from 5.2 to 6.0
````

...and after the table, then close it with another code fence of three backticks ` ``` `.

| 5.2 viewlet name | 5.2 viewlet manager | 6.0 viewlet name | 6.0 viewlet manager |
| ---------------- | ------------------- | ---------------- | ------------------- |
|| `plone.documentactions` | | |
|||| `plone.belowcontentdescription` |
| `plone.header` | `plone.portaltop` | | `plone.portaltop` |
| `plone.abovecontenttitle.documentactions` | `plone.belowcontentbody` | `plone.documentactions` | `plone.belowcontent` |
| `plone.abovecontenttitle.socialtags` | `plone.abovecontenttitle` | `plone.socialtags` | `plone.abovecontenttitle` |
| `plone.belowcontentbody.relateditems` | `plone.belowcontentbody` | `plone.relateditems` | `plone.belowcontentbody` |
| `plone.manage_portlets_fallback` | `plone.belowcontent` | | `plone.belowcontent` |
| `plone.belowcontenttitle.documentbyline` | `plone.belowcontenttitle` | `plone.documentbyline` | `plone.belowcontenttitle` |
| `plone.belowcontenttitle.keywords` | `plone.belowcontent` | `plone.keywords` | `plone.belowcontentbody` |

> | | `plone.belowcontentbody` | `plone.rights` | `plone.belowcontentbody` |

Reviewer: ````suggestion
| | `plone.belowcontentbody` | `plone.rights` | `plone.belowcontentbody` |
```
````
